now look at that we formed a wonderful
shape to the actual bird one other thing
I'm going to do is just take a little
bit more butter I'm being really
extravagant here aren't I but just brush
it over like that just a little that
would be plenty something else a votive
put on top is bacon if you don't like
bacon really don't worry leave it out
but the beauty of putting bacon on top
of the bird is of course you get that
lovely fat that keeps it moist and again
helps the breast so all I'm going to do
is cover the actual breast like this so
we're not going to over color too early
but you'll notice this really does have
a lovely effect just looking at it even
at its raw state and it makes me hungry
looking at now let me turn that around
and show you look at that that is
wonderful so that's it for Christmas Eve
all you have to do now cling film it pop
it into your fridge bring it out on
Christmas Day and we'll roast it now
there's another important part to this
because when you're going to put it into
the oven you just want it on a gas mark
6 and that's about 200 degrees but only
for half an hour and with no foil at
that point we will be putting a little
basting over it and a touch of foil and
you'll start to see the California our
half an hour has passed and just look
what's happened already you see we've
taken on this lovely lovely crisp color
onto the actual bacon so that's a
texture and we got this golden color
happening on the bird itself but I'm
going to make sure we protect that so
when it's finished it will have just
that rich golden all the way over and
not burnt in places first thing let's
start basting it because that is going
to just put flavor back into the meat
and help with our coloring now remember
once this has gone back in the oven
every 20 to 30 minutes give it another
basting extra flavor extra taste on with
the tin foil so we're just going to
cover it like that to protector down to
180 gas mark for three hours later we
should take this foil off and it will
still then just have half an hour to
cook simple as that